DOC-3223: The schema will now allow the  RDFa attribute on  elements. (#3886)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.2.0-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

=== The schema will now allow the `property` RDFa attribute on `meta` elements
// #TINY-12858

> Previously, the schema did not include the `property` RDFa attribute as a valid attribute for `meta` elements. This caused the attribute to be filtered out when using features such as the {productname} `fullpagehtml` premium plugin, potentially removing important metadata required by social media or structured data integrations.

Reviewer: Could mention that it previously required the integrator to manually white-list it, if we want? Good either way.

Author: ```suggestion
Previously, the schema did not recognize the `property` RDFa attribute as valid for `meta` elements, causing it to be removed during content validation in features such as the {productname} `fullpagehtml` premium plugin. This behavior could strip essential metadata used for social media previews or structured data integrations, and required integrators to manually whitelist the attribute to retain it.
```
